README.md, before:

# Clipboard Text Optimizer

A desktop application that automatically optimizes text when you perform two clipboard cuts within a 1-second interval.

## Features

- Automatically detects double-cut clipboard operations
- Optimizes text formatting instantly
- Runs silently in the background
- Cross-platform support

## Prerequisites

Before building the application, ensure you have the following installed:
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

## Building from Source

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [your-repository-url]
   cd [repository-name]
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Build the application:
   ```bash
   pnpm tauri build
   ```

   The compiled application will be available in the `src-tauri/target/release` directory.

4. **macOS Users**: If the app is not signed, you may need to remove the quarantine attribute to run it:
   ```bash
   xattr -d com.apple.quarantine /Applications/pasteai.app
   ```

   This step is necessary because the app is not signed and macOS may prevent it from starting.

## Usage

1. Launch the application
2. The app will run in the background
3. To optimize text:
   - Select and cut text (Ctrl+X or ⌘+X)
   - Immediately cut again within 1 second
   - The text in your clipboard will be automatically optimized

## Development

To run the application in development mode:
```bash
pnpm tauri dev

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect application name change and clarify usage instructions. Changed title to 'Ai Clipboard Text Optimizer', added usage details for cutting text, and refined macOS instructions regarding app signing and quarantine removal.

README.md, after:

# Ai Clipboard Text Optimizer

A desktop application that automatically optimizes text when you perform two clipboard cuts within a 1-second interval.
Select and cut text (Ctrl+X or ⌘+X) and then cut again within 1 second.

## Features

- Automatically detects double-cut clipboard operations
- Optimizes text formatting instantly
- Runs silently in the background
- Cross-platform support

## Prerequisites

Before building the application, ensure you have the following installed:
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

## Building from Source

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:LimTec-de/pasteAi.git
   cd pasteAi
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Build the application:
   ```bash
   pnpm tauri build
   ```

   The compiled application will be available in the `src-tauri/target/release` directory.

4. **macOS Users**: Remove the quarantine attribute to run it:
   ```bash
   xattr -d com.apple.quarantine /Applications/pasteai.app
   ```

   This step is necessary because the app is not signed (right now) and macOS may prevent it from starting.

## Usage

1. Launch the application
2. The app will run in the background
3. To optimize text:
   - Select and cut text (Ctrl+X or ⌘+X)
   - Immediately cut again within 1 second
   - The text in your clipboard will be automatically optimized

## Development

To run the application in development mode:
```bash
pnpm tauri dev
